hey I'm Billy Morrison I play guitar
Billy Idol and I'm Freddie
and I want to show you guys this mobile
recording cell for Mike a multimedia I'm
using the iRig HD with I pay
Multimedia's amplitude and it's online
I have many gear it gives me everything
I need to get ideas and demos down while
I'm traveling let me show you how simple
this all is I have a simple drum pattern
that I have created using the internal
drum machine that's in amplitude and I'm
using I release the song will be
yourself a little while ago and what I'm
going to try and show you is how that
song could have come to life using this
setup so I'm using the riff the main
chorus riff from that song as a demo
I've got this idea for a chorus of light
metal arms down now I'm going to put a
bass guitar line down using amplitude
and the iRig HD
as easy as that
so now we've got the drums and bass I
want to get some rhythm guitar down and
with amplitude it's as simple as this we
dial up ahead we've got choices of the
Marshall type and scrunch lead I'm gonna
go with this metal type amp you got a
bunch of effects and I think that should
do we go there we pick our track and I'm
ready to record
now we have our rhythm guitars our bass
drums I'm going to put a little lead
line down as a idea for a melody
there you go that's how he is the iRig
HD is doing a full quality guitar in and
out so if this thing sounds good felony
and software does a great job of making
experiments coming out and all I need on
the road is the iPad Mini the iRig HD
one of these maybe and I repeat